today's walkthrough is for the games
accent there were a couple of things
that were different about this game the
first thing that was different was that
this was an officially licensed version
of the game prior to this when radio
shack sold again they would make their
copy and wouldn't license it for example
they sold the space assault which was an
obvious base invaders fun and then they
would make some changes like they took
missile command and changed the missile
bases to submarines and the city's two
islands and called it Polaris and they
cook asteroids and changed them into
microbes but this was a licensed version
of the game it was the first one that i
can remember coming from radio shack and
the other thing that was different about
this game was this is the only game that
radio shack so did i ever saw so
directly from the programmers ah prior
to radio shack selling it i have seen
advertisements in magazines for getting
this game direct from data self so it
would appear that it was data soft that
went through the process of licensing
the game and then once they had the game
license then radio shack dealt with them
to get exclusive rights to this game but
regardless of what happened how it
happened this one set the precedent
after this you get games like pitfall
poo and super pitfall and and other such
games so when Radio Shack was from this
point on they would license the official
versions of the game one nice thing
about me showing you just the first
run-through of the game is that you
don't get the seat this game stomped me
I always did enjoy this game but it
could definitely stomp on me in a hurry
just sometimes just when I thought I was
going to it I get really really bear
down on me